Shall vs shall only (#667)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/frontend.md

#### 4.2.2.1 PIV Authentication Key {#s-4-2-2-1}
This key **SHALL** be generated on the PIV Card. The PIV Card **SHALL NOT**
permit exportation of the PIV authentication key. The cryptographic operations that use the PIV

> authentication key **SHALL** be available through the contact and virtual contact interfaces of the

Reviewer: Being somewhat pedantic, should this be "SHALL" or should it instead be "MAY only"?

Or, perhaps more accurately, "SHALL be available over the contact interface and MAY be available over the virtual contact interface".  You wouldn't want a card that can't do PIV auth over the contact interface, but you can have one that doesn't have a VCI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication key **SHALL** be available through the contact interface and **MAY** additionally be available over the virtual contact interface of the
```

> PIV Card and **SHALL NOT** be available through the contactless interface of the PIV Card.  Private key operations **MAY** be performed using an activated PIV Card without explicit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PIV Card. The PIV authentication key **SHALL NOT** be available through the contactless interface of the PIV Card.  Private key operations **MAY** be performed using an activated PIV Card without explicit
```

key **SHALL** be unique for each PIV Card and **SHALL** meet the algorithm and key size requirements stated
in [[SP 800-78]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-78). If present, cryptographic operations using this key **MAY** be performed without card
activation (e.g., the PIN need not be supplied for operations with this key). The cryptographic
operations that use the symmetric card authentication key **SHALL** be available through the contact and
contactless interfaces of the PIV Card and **SHALL NOT** be available through the virtual contact interface of the PIV Card. This Standard does not specify key management protocols or
infrastructure requirements.

#### 4.2.2.4 Digital Signature Key {#s-4-2-2-4}
The PIV digital signature key **SHALL** be generated on the PIV Card. The PIV
Card **SHALL NOT** permit exportation of the digital signature key. If this key is present, cryptographic operations

> that use the digital signature key **SHALL** be available through the contact and virtual contact
> interfaces of the PIV Card and **SHALL NOT** be available through the contactless interface of the PIV Card. Private key operations **SHALL NOT** be performed without explicit user action,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that use the digital signature key **SHALL** be available through the contact interface and **MAY** additionally be available over the virtual contact
interface of the PIV Card. Operations that use the digital signature key **SHALL NOT** be available through the contactless interface of the PIV Card. Private key operations **SHALL NOT** be performed without explicit user action,
```

#### 4.2.2.5 Key Management Key {#s-4-2-2-5}
This key **MAY** be generated on the PIV Card or imported to the card. If

> present, the cryptographic operations that use the key management key **SHALL** available through 

Author: ```suggestion
present, the cryptographic operations that use the key management key **SHALL** be available through 
```

> present, the cryptographic operations that use the key management key **SHALL** be available through 
> the contact and virtual contact interfaces of the PIV Card and **SHALL NOT** be available through the contactless interface of the PIV Card. Private key operations **MAY** be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
present, the cryptographic operations that use the key management key **SHALL** be available through 
the contact interface and **MAY** additionally be available over the virtual contact interface of the PIV Card. Operations that use the key management key **SHALL NOT** be available through the contactless interface of the PIV Card. Private key operations **MAY** be
```

#### 4.2.2.6 PIV Card Application Administration Key {#s-4-2-2-6}
If present, the PIV Card application administration
key **SHALL** be imported onto the card by the issuer. If present, the cryptographic operations that use
the PIV Card application administration key **SHALL** be available through the contact interface of

> the PIV Card and **SHALL NOT** be available through the virtual contact interface of the PIV Card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the PIV Card and **SHALL NOT** be available through the virtual contact and contactless interfaces of the PIV Card.
```
